
                      ProBoard Bulletin Board System

                     Version 2.2 Y2K BETA TEST EDITION

         Copyright (c) 1990-1999  TeleGrafix Communications, Inc.
                           All rights reserved.


This software is published and distributed under license by TeleGrafix
Communications, Inc.  This software includes proprietary computer code 
that is the property of TeleGrafix Communications, Inc.

                       TeleGrafix Communications, Inc.
                       2180 S. Loudoun St. Suite #308
                       Winchester, VA 22601
                       United States of America
                       
                        Voice:  (540) 678-4050  
                          Fax:  (540) 678-4052          
                          WWW:  http://www.telegrafix.com
                        Email:  sales@telegrafix.com
                          FTP:  ftp.telegrafix.com
                       Telnet:  telnet.telegrafix.com


DISCLAIMER
----------

THIS SOFTWARE IS LICENSED TO YOU FOR BETA TESTING PURPOSES ONLY. IT MAY 
CONTAIN PROGRAMMING ERRORS AND BUGS THAT COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE 
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE AND YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM.  THIS SOFTWARE 
CONTAINS COMPUTER CODES THAT DISABLES, OR LIMITS THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE 
AFTER AUGUST 1, 2000.

DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THIS SOFTWARE UNLESS YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE 
DEFINITIONS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT.

YOU SHOULD READ CAREFULLY THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS 
LICENSE AGREEMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE DOWNLOADING THIS SOFTWARE.  IF 
YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU SHOULD NOT
DOWNLOAD OR USE THIS SOFTWARE. ANY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, LOADING OR 
USING THIS SOFTWARE INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT. 


1 - INTRODUCTION
----------------

The ProBoard Bulletin Board System Version 2.2 Y2K Beta Test Edition is a 
RIPscrip (Remote Imaging Protocol scripting language) enabled computer 
bulletin board system.  THIS SOFTWARE PROGRAM IS NOT "FREEWARE" AND IS NOT
IN THE PUBLIC DOMAIN. It is copyrighted commercial software owned by 
TeleGrafix Communications Inc., a Virginia corporation ("TeleGrafix"). 
"ProBoard BBS" is a trademark of TeleGrafix Communications Inc. RIPscrip 
(TM) is a trademark of TeleGrafix Communications Inc.


2 - DEFINITIONS
---------------

The term "License" shall refer to this Beta Test License Agreement. The 
term "Software" shall refer to the files supplied via electronic download
or on diskette(s), and/or to any and all copies, upgrades, modifications,
functionally-equivalent derivatives, or any parts or portions thereof,
including any electronic, online or printed documentation. The terms "You"
and "Your" shall refer to the organization, person and/or business entity
who downloaded or purchased this License to use this Software or for whom
such License was downloaded or purchased. You and TeleGrafix agree that
You will participate in the ProBoard BBS Y2K beta test under the terms of
this License. 


3 - NONEXCLUSIVE LICENSE
------------------------

TeleGrafix Communications Inc. ("TeleGrafix"), a Virginia corporation, 
licenses You to use this Software in binary executable form only on a 
non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and terminable basis. All other rights 
are reserved by TeleGrafix. Your License is personal to You. You shall not
permit other individuals or entities to operate or use the Software except
under such terms as are authorized by this License. The Software is
licensed for Your use as a single product and You may not separate its 
component parts for use on other computers. You have a limited license to 
use the Software solely for the purpose and duration of the beta test. 


4 - AGREEMENT OF TESTER TO TEST AND REPORT
-------------------------------------------

You agree to report to TeleGrafix any flaws, errors, bugs or other
problems with the Software. Such reports may be made by telephone
(540-678-4050), fax (540-678-4052), by e-mail to support@telegrafix.com,
or by United States mail to TeleGrafix Communications Inc., 2180 S.
Loudoun Street, Suite #308, Winchester, VA 22601 U.S.A. Attn: ProBoard
Beta Test. The beta test will end on August 1, 2000, or on the date of
first commercial sale of the Software, whichever comes first. Tester
understands that prompt and accurate reports are of great value to
TeleGrafix, and promises best efforts to provide such reports.


5 - DISCOUNTED COPIES OF PRODUCT TO BETA TESTERS
------------------------------------------------

TeleGrafix offers to all beta testers who complete and return a signed
copy of this Agreement AND submit reports as provided by this Agreement,
the released version of the Software (when available) at a forty percent 
(40%) discount from the initial list price (plus shipping and any 
applicable taxes). Such copy will be provided subject to TeleGrafix's 
standard License Agreement (copy available on request).


6 - INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTECTION
------------------------------------

(a) You acknowledge that TeleGrafix owns the Software, its copyright, its 
    trademark, and any other intellectual property rights in the Software.
    You acquire no ownership of the Software from this License and no 
    right to use the Software beyond the term of the beta test.  You 
    acquire no right to copy or disseminate the Software, prepare 
    derivative works or participate in development, manufacturing,
    marketing, and maintenance of the Software.

(c) You are permitted to install and use one (1) copy of this Software on 
    a single computer used by You, but must remove such copy from such 
    computer at the end of the beta test or upon TeleGrafix's request, 
    whichever is sooner. 

(c) You acknowledge that the structure, organization and code of the 
    Software are valuable trade secrets of TeleGrafix and/or its 
    suppliers.  You acknowledge that the Software in source code form 
    remains a confidential trade secret of TeleGrafix and/or its 
    suppliers and cannot be disclosed by You to any other party. You 
    agree not to attempt to discover the source code of the Software.
    You shall not use, copy, merge, modify, translate, reverse engineer, 
    decompile, disassemble, rent, lease or transfer this Software (or 
    any copy, modification, or merged portion, in whole or in part) 
    except to the extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such 
    restriction without the possibility of contractual waiver or as 
    expressly provided for in this License or in amendments signed by an
    officer of TeleGrafix. You shall not create derivative works based on
    this Software unless authorized in writing by an officer of 
    TeleGrafix. You shall not remove any proprietary notices or legends, 
    including copyright notices, from this Software or archival backup 
    copies. 

(d) You shall not circumvent any software protection devices used in this 
    software. You agree that any security codes (including keycodes, 
    serial numbers or activation codes) that are used to permit the 
    operation of this Software are to remain confidential information 
    between You and TeleGrafix.  You shall not under any circumstances
    broadcast, publish, disclose or disseminate to any other person or
    party any information about TeleGrafix software security protection
    devices including security codes.  You acknowledge that violations of
    the U.S. Copyright laws may result in criminal and civil penalties, 
    including fines of up to $100,000. Title, ownership rights and 
    intellectual property rights in and to the Software and any security 
    codes or protection devices used to permit operation of this Software 
    shall remain exclusively with TeleGrafix.

(e) This License is a legal agreement between You and TeleGrafix and it 
    shall continue for as long as You use the Software. You agree that we
    need not sign this License in order for it to take effect. You assume
    all responsibility for the installation, use and results obtained from
    this Software. 


7 - INJUNCTIVE RELIEF
----------------------

You acknowledge that the Software embodies trade secrets of TeleGrafix, 
the unauthorized use or disclosure of which would cause substantial harm 
to TeleGrafix that could not be remedied by the payment of damages alone. 
Accordingly, TeleGrafix shall be entitled to preliminary and permanent 
injunctive relief and other equitable relief for any breach of this
License. The parties agree that in the event of a breach or threatened 
breach of this License (including unauthorized reproduction or 
dissemination of Software or security codes), that immediate injunctive 
relief shall be appropriate, and TeleGrafix may seek that injunctive 
action. The parties agree that TeleGrafix shall be released from any 
requirement to post any bond, cash or security as a condition of obtaining
injunctive relief, to the extent permitted by law. TeleGrafix's right to
obtain injunctive relief shall not limit its right to seek any other
remedies to which it may be entitled.


8 - RISKS FROM THE PRODUCT
--------------------------

You acknowledge that the Software is in unfinished beta testing form and 
may have errors and may produce unexpected results. You agree that any use
of the beta version of the Software, whether as part of this beta test or
otherwise, will be entirely at Your own risk. You agree to backup data and
take other appropriate measures to protect programs and data. You agree
not to allow any third party to use the Software and to indemnify and hold
TeleGrafix harmless from any damages or claims arising from use by any
third party.


9 - NO WARRANTY
---------------- 

THE SOFTWARE AND ANY SUPPORT FROM TELEGRAFIX ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND 
WITHOUT WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. YOU AGREE THAT THIS IS EXPERIMENTAL 
SOFTWARE AND THAT ANY USE OF THIS SOFTWARE BY YOU IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN 
RISK. TELEGRAFIX SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU AGREE THAT IN NO
EVENT WILL TELEGRAFIX BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS OR ANY INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, WHETHER RESULTING FROM IMPAIRED OR LOST DATA, SOFTWARE OR
COMPUTER FAILURE OR ANY OTHER CAUSE, EVEN IF TELEGRAFIX IS ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY OTHER CLAIM BY TESTER OR FOR ANY
THIRD PARTY CLAIM. 


10 - NO FINANCIAL OBLIGATION FOR TESTER INFORMATION
---------------------------------------------------

TeleGrafix does not want to receive, and You agree not to disclose to 
TeleGrafix, any information that is confidential, proprietary or 
constitutes trade secrets to You or others. You agree that the contents of
all oral and written reports to TeleGrafix and any other materials, 
information, ideas, concepts, and know-how provided by You (including 
corrections to problems in the Software and documentation) become the 
property of TeleGrafix and may be used by TeleGrafix for all business 
purposes, without any accounting or any payment to You. Under no 
circumstances will TeleGrafix become liable for any payment to You for any
information that You provide, whether concerning the Software or 
otherwise, no matter how such information is used or exploited by 
TeleGrafix or anyone else.


11 - PUBLICITY
--------------

You grant TeleGrafix the right, to be exercised in TeleGrafix's sole 
discretion, to use the facts, contents and outcome of the beta test, Your 
comments, and Your individual name, the names of Your employees and agents
participating in the test, and Your trade name and trademark in 
TeleGrafix's promotions, press releases, public relations, advertisements,
and other sales and marketing activities.  Such right shall be unlimited
in duration, and no compensation shall be required for TeleGrafix's
exercise of such right.


12 - EXPORT CONTROLS
--------------------

None of the Software or underlying information or technology may be
downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (1) into (or to a national
or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, Yugoslavia, North Korea, Iran, Syria or
any other country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (2) to anyone
on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals
or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders; or (3) any end
user who will use the Software in the design, development or production of
biological, chemical or nuclear weapons. By downloading or using the
Software, You are agreeing to the foregoing and You are representing and
warranting that You are not located in the prohibited countries; You are
not under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country;
You are not on any such list; and You are not engaged in prohibited
weapons activities.


13 - HIGH-RISK ACTIVITIES
-------------------------

The Software is not fault-tolerant. It is not designed, manufactured or
intended for use with, or resale as, online control equipment in hazardous
environments requiring fail-safe performance (such as nuclear facilities,
aircraft navigation or communications systems, aircraft traffic control
systems, life support machines, or weapons systems) in which the failure
of the Software could lead directly to death, personal injury or severe
physical or environmental damage ("High Risk Activities"). TELEGRAFIX
SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR
HIGH-RISK ACTIVITIES.


14 - U.S. GOVERNMENT END-USER RESTRICTIONS
------------------------------------------

All U.S. Government end users license the Software with only those rights 
set forth herein. This Software is licensed only with "restricted rights" 
when used by or on behalf of an agency or unit of the United States 
Government. This Software is "restricted computer software" as defined by 
the Federal Acquisition Regulations. This Software is "commercial computer
software" and "commercial computer software documentation" that was
developed at private expense. This Software is not in the public domain
and in all respects is proprietary data belonging to Searchlight and/or
TeleGrafix. Title to and ownership of this Software shall remain with
TeleGrafix Communications Inc.  All unpublished rights are reserved by
TeleGrafix under the copyright laws of the United States of America. Any
use, duplication or disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to 
restrictions set forth in subparagraphs (a) through (d) of the Commercial 
Computer-Restricted Rights clause at FAR 52.227-19 when applic able, or in
subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer
Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013, and in similar clauses in the NASA
FAR Supplement. The U.S. Government is prohibited from changing or
removing any insignia, logo or lettering from the Software or any 
accompanying written materials that are provided, and from producing 
copies of any manuals or disks (except one for backup purposes). Use of 
this Software and any documentation shall be limited to the government 
facility for which it is acquired. This Software is a trade secret of 
TeleGrafix Communications Inc. for all purposes of the Freedom o 
Information Act.  Contractor/manufacturer is TeleGrafix Communications 
Inc., 2180 S. Loudoun Street, Suite #308, Winchester, VA 22601.


15 - LEGAL
----------

The official language of this License and all documents used in its
connection shall be English. All agreements covering this Software
(including but not limited to any and all updates, upgrades, and
enhancements to this Software or any portion thereof, bearing the same
registration number) shall be deemed to be counterparts of one and the
same License instrument. This License shall be governed by and construed
under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia and the United States of
America, and the applicable international treaties.  The parties agree
that jurisdiction and venue for any dispute arising from this License or
relating to the Software shall be in the United States District Court 
and/or the courts of the Commonwealth of Virginia that serve the locality 
in which the corporate headquarters of TeleGrafix Communications Inc. is 
located.  By using this software, You expressly confer jurisdiction over 
You to  these Virginia courts. In the event that TeleGrafix is the 
prevailing party in any litigation between the parties arising from this 
License, TeleGrafix shall be entitled to recover, in addition to any other
relief awarded, its reasonable costs and expenses including attorneys'
fees, court costs and collection costs incurred in the proceeding. The
failure of either party to enforce any rights granted by this License o to
take action against the other party in the event of any breach of this
License shall not be deemed a waiver by that party of its right to enforce
such rights in the future. If any provision of this License is held to be
unenforceable for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, such
provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it
enforceable, and the rest of this License shall remain in full force and
effect. This License will not be governed by the United Nations Convention
of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and its application is
expressly excluded.  All questions concerning this License shall be
addressed to:  TeleGrafix Communications Inc., 2180 S. Loudoun Street,
Suite #308, Winchester, VA 22601, United States of America, Attention:
Legal Department.


16 - GENERAL PROVISIONS
-----------------------

Neither You nor TeleGrafix have any obligation to purchase anything under
this License. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or other joint
relationship is created by this License.  TeleGrafix may enter into the
same or similar Licenses with others.


17 - TERM AND TERMINATION
-------------------------

This License is effective until terminated, and it will terminate
automatically and immediately without notice if You fail to comply with
any of its provisions. In the case of beta test Software, this License
will terminate automatically at the expiration of the beta test period or
on August 1, 2000, whichever is earlier.  You may terminate it at any
time by destroying all copies of the Software covered by this License. If
You transfer possession of any copy of this software (or any 
Functionally-equivalent derivative) or any portion or modification thereof
to another party, or remove any copyright or proprietary notices or labels
on the software or any copy, or disclose any software codes, Your License
is automatically terminated. You may not sublicense, assign or otherwise
transfer this License or Software except as expressly provided in this
License. Any attempt to otherwise sublicense, assign, or transfer any of
the rights, duties or obligations hereunder is expressly prohibited and
will terminate this License immediately. In addition, TeleGrafix may
terminate this License at any time by delivering notice to You. On
termination, You must destroy all copies of the Software.  Your obligation
to pay any accrued charges or fees shall survive any termination of this
License.  The provisions of Paragraphs 6 through 15 shall also survive any
termination of this License.

BY INSTALLING OR USING THIS SOFTWARE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ 
THIS LICENSE, UNDERSTAND IT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT IT IS THE COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE 
STATEMENT OF THE LICENSE BETWEEN US AND SUPERSEDES ANY PROPOSAL OR PRIOR 
AGREEMENT, ORAL OR WRITTEN, AND ANY OTHER COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN US 
RELATING TO THE LICENSING OF THIS SOFTWARE. THIS LICENSE MAY BE AMENDED 
ONLY IN WRITING SIGNED BY BOTH PARTIES.







